This is a head gum original.
You know what my problem is with edibles? Sometimes you get so high. I mean it can really be
difficult to control to dose it right. There's nothing worse than being baked out of
your mind when you didn't plan on it. And you know once you eat it, there's no going
back. You just sit there suffering stone out of your mind. That's why when I need the perfect
medium high, I hit up my friends at diet smoke for their delicious Delta 8 THC gummies. Diet
smoke isn't light. It's just right. So what exactly is Delta H? Well Delta H is it simply a
less potent THC. The THC that you're probably most familiar with is Delta 9 and while both
are natural to the cannabis plant, diet smoke extracts their Delta 8 from hemp. Some may call this
a loophole. I call it the secret recipe to getting a smooth, stable and most importantly
legal high. Diet smoke is legal in most states and it's non-prescription. Just check diet
smoke's website to see if they ship their delicious gummies to your state. Now you
probably ask them yourself, does diet smoke really get you high? Of course, the high you get
with diet smoke is best described as somewhere between the chillness of CBD and that classic
stone feeling that you get with regular weed. Plus diet smoke comes in two delicious flavors,
blue raspberry and watermelon. I like blue raspberry, but Amir loves watermelon. I say try them both.
When CBD isn't enough and traditional THC is too much, enjoy the smooth buzz of diet smoke.
Each gummy isn't fused with 10 milligrams of Delta H, THC derived from American grown hemp.
And you know what they say by American, get high with American. Delta 8 gummies are low in sugar,
fat, free, and delicious. Oh, and I mentioned their legal, they're absolutely legal. Otherwise
we wouldn't be advertising with them on this podcast. So go to dietsmoke.com and use promo code. What's
that for 20% off your order? That's W-H-A-T-S-T-H-A-T. At dietsmoke.com promo code, what's that for 20% off?
Diet smokes Delta H-T-H-C gummies are not for sale or for use for anyone under the age of 21.
So please use it responsibly. Thanks Diet smoke.
Let's get into the show. So far away from the mic. There's no way it's picking you up. Really?
Yeah, it's kind of quiet. Yeah. You're not hearing what's going through this. And this is a horrible way to start the show.
Okay. Yeah. Talk about technical difficulties up there.
But I mean, we always have technical difficulties at the top. It feels like that every single episode.
Yeah, no last one. The last one was great. The last one was perfectly executed.
I guess, like it really depends on what other people are feeling.
I mean, it came out today. We should say. It's a phrase.
Yes, right. And I think that's fine to have to. I mean, I think the, the, the, the, the barrier to entry
with podcasting is lower. Okay. B.
Don't be what? Sorry. Don't like checking mid-shit.
What do you mean check it? I'm just waiting for you to finish the, your sentence. You started to think.
Sitting, I don't appreciate it. I really don't because it doesn't show that you're listening.
It's showing that you're waiting, biting at the bit, trying to get your shit in.
Active listening is a, is a psychological technique to prove that I am listening.
So if you're really validating what you were saying. Well, I'm salivating at the idea of
finishing my thought. Can I do that, please? Yeah, finish it. If you can pick it up where you left off.
A, the barrier to entry to audio is lower. Because you only have to worry about audio,
not audio and video. B, people have more of an attention span because they're queuing this up
for a road trip, for a commute, for a workout, for a walk. So if it takes you 30 seconds to get into it,
that's fine to them. Absolutely. That's fine to them. And I don't, I don't know,
appreciate being like interrogated and blamed for the fucking issues. Avier otherwise on this show.
Because guess what? I'm the only one who fucking works on it.
You know, man, I'm really sorry. No, it's sorry that you have to see me like this,
Jonathan, usually I'm like, worse at explaining why I'm upset. You're so good at explaining,
exactly what made you upset this day. Up, go, up, aside. We've got another,
move on. We've got another three person episode. I don't know. It's the kitchen effect here,
because the last time it was Johnny Mariek and I for 30 minutes, and then Gianna for 10,
and then Mariek had to leave. So it was three people for that show. Today we've got three because
Michael was supposed to be on and he got food poisoning. Gianna, what's new in the life and times
of kinshin? You know, okay. So I'm graduating next week. I'm in college.
In correct. Actually, no. What, what does it? Exactly. So check it out. No, it's, it is next week.
It's next Thursday. I'm graduating. You may think that you got me. You did just gas like the
fuck out of me. It's okay. I'm graduating next Thursday. Very excited. God willing. I'm graduating
next Thursday. I go to temple to college in the great city of Philadelphia. Go birds.
That's the best. I was just birds. The eagle. Yeah, actually. Yeah, but also the temple owl.
So yeah. Oh, wow. It's all birds. Oh, yeah. Two birds. The shoe. Oh, yeah. Yes. Thank you.
Gianna, we were just hanging out recently and I want you to talk about your yoga class
that you signed up for and what you need to do for that class right now.
Okay. So at the beginning of this semester, I needed 18 credits to graduate. That's like a fully
packed schedule. So I was trying to make it as easy on myself as possible. So I was like,
all right, you know, let's take a typing so loud. It's fine. It's fine. It's fine. It's not, it's not
fine. It's not because it's not going to be picked up on the show because I'm recording through
this. The studio microphone. So you have plenty of it out. Makes it worse because now you interrupted
Gianna. Okay. Fine. Just continue. But type quieter. So I don't have to hear it.
All right. That's, that's a good note. That is a good note. Sorry. Okay. Okay. 18 credits.
Yes. 18 credits. So I was like, let me take this class. This yoga class because I was like,
it's going to be fucking easy. Three easy credits. Like, you know, it'll be, it'll be a cakewalk.
And it was all online, too. Like a synchronous totally. No, just do meetings or anything. So I was like,
it's going to be so easy. So come to find out. Oh, wow. That's that kind of very say one that podcast
veritate that we needed. Yeah. What would be the fancy word for podcast? Like, what's film and
cinema podcast and blank? I don't think there is a fancy word. I think that is definitely a gap
in the market. Sure. Yeah. There's nothing I can do about this right now. We're just going to have to wait
for it. I think you can go to a closet or something. It'll be done in a second. Just give it a
minute. It's my house phone. We still have a house phone. I can't even do anything about that.
Yeah. It's our cake. It's our cake. This fucking yoga class. Okay. I'm so sorry about it.
Taking, like, I'm supposed to be falling along with this YouTube video. Like, there's like a
weekly YouTube video that the professor is making of like the class. I'm supposed to be following
along with the YouTube video and recording it and like turning it in every week. And that's like
most of my grade. Yeah. I didn't do that the whole semester because I had other shit going on
and working in. I got a bunch of other classes. I was like, this is a fucking yoga class. I could put
on the background. It'll be fine. You failed. I didn't fail. Not, I did not fail. I have
until Sunday. It's Friday now. You have to do like 20 yoga sets.
It requires 11 hours of fucking yoga. You're going to be serious. I'm being dead serious. No. Like,
I'm dead fucking serious. I've been doing speed yoga. Fucking the most stressful yoga of my life.
I have the YouTube video of her on like 1.5 times speed on YouTube and I'm like fucking
following along in like fast motion in my fucking living room. And then I'm talking to
out of post. Yes. I didn't know you were slowing it down. Oh my gosh. It's a fucking nightmare.
Well, fucking nightmare. I'm not going to lie. You did walk into this. I did. I did it to myself.
You made your bed, but I am glad that right now you have to lie in it because it brings me so much
joy to see you in a lot of stress. You know what? It's fine. I'm going to get a fucking
grace out with her response. Okay. Thank you. Thank you. Okay. I should out. All right. Let's
hash it out. Actually, it's not because Gianna knows too many of my innermost secrets. Let's hear one.
Let's go. That's fine. We don't have to. I don't even know where to start. That's a thing.
She can definitely just a treasure trove. For podcast listeners, we're just listeners in general.
We grew up together. We went to the same high school. Oh, not all four years. But she
seen me at my lowest points. And she seen me at my highest points. AKA right now filming
back on podcast. Are you kidding me? Now you're excited. You're on the show. Like three out of four
episodes a month. This one is special. He's good. It will prepared for it. Yeah, technical difficulties.
But that's just part of the course for this kind of groundbreaking podcast. No, because we started
it off. We didn't have to address the technical issues. And you put me on blast for it from the jump.
That's true. Now you're fine with them. That's true. Yeah, because now I'm kind of caught in
the group of like, wow, what's the next? The technical difficulties. People want to see the
raw shit. They like that. Yeah. Yeah. Major killer spread the wealth in terms of joy. So
basically, like, if you have a certain amount of social energy to give, make sure you're
doling it out throughout the week in a sustainable manner. Don't go out Monday and Tuesday to see
people. And then suddenly it's the weekend. And you're like, actually, you know, I really need to
because that's, that's when shit happens. You know, you shouldn't have gone out on Monday or if you're
going to go Monday and Tuesday, choose one of the other. Does that make sense? You should practice
what you preach. We literally went up for trivia on Tuesday. Wednesday. Wednesday. Wednesday.
I was Wednesday. I was Wednesday. I was Wednesday too. All of us. Yeah, we're going to draw
some musicals. The fourducers. Yeah, the fourducers. Yeah, the fourducers. That's going to be
exciting. Yeah. That is going to be exciting. Good pun, too, because if you guys didn't catch that,
it's peed. We did. We caught it. Okay. Well, you've seen the, the written stuff. You've seen the
fires. Some people might not know that it's peed. People don't know the concept. They don't get it.
Drunk musicals, poorducers. Yeah, what is that? What is that? It literally doesn't take
anyone who is older than 10 to figure it out for our under 10 listeners. I'm sorry.
That was easy. That was easy. That was easy. Um, I don't know. I don't know what kind of energy
to bring to this episode, because you guys have this, like, close, pinch, hip, and I just don't,
I don't know how I fit in on YouTube. A little insecure, I'll be honest. Yeah, you honestly should
feel it. You should be. Yeah. Yeah. You still feel insecure. Yeah, I don't want you to feel that way
until the end of this episode and actually well beyond the episode to kind of look, I want that
insecurity to follow you every waking moment of your life. That's what it follows is about. Yeah,
insecurity. Yeah. I don't know what. That's the second it follows reference I've made. That's
the second week in a row of mid and it follows reference. Did you have that movie recently? No,
I saw it three years ago. It's a lot. Since a good one. It is good.
Janna, how's your love life? I'm good. Have you been? He's cool. Yeah.
Name first and last. Jonathan Sturmer. Shout out. Shout out.
Did you go to Temple with you? How'd you guys meet? Let's hear the whole story. All right, let's hear the
story ass. Just the whole story, comma ass. Don't you don't have to say that. Just say it
let's hear the whole story. Yeah, you don't have to say that. Yeah, all right. Like you don't really
what else should do I not have to do? Can you guys give me a list? Because I don't understand now
you're like narrowing the space that I can play with. Yeah, I actually don't even have to be on this
podcast at all. We can probably handle it. Yeah, actually. Yeah, because we're pretty close and we can kind of
like, yeah. Yeah, but I highly suggest that. Oh, God. Why don't you talk about, um,
talk about John for a second and I'll figure out what bit I can do. Okay, um, me and John met.
Okay, well, I guess I should start with Stacey. This all starts with Stacey. This is already
it. We're in too deep. Less, we're in too deep. We don't have to talk about that.
All we that all the people needs to know is that you're dating a handsome man in his name is John. He has the best
name ever. Yes. Yeah. That's facts. Yeah. They don't need to know everything. We're doing them too much already.
I need to tell you what is the, uh, what does the picture that is hanging above your head right now?
Yo, I need to address this. I'm putting out a fucking press release about this because I got
some, uh, or disparaging comments. Yeah. You did. I'm glad that I did. I was the four
runner for those. Yeah. Thank you for starting that. But yeah, I got some disparaging comments about
this fucking live laugh love sign. And I would like to say to the people that this is my parents'
house. Yeah. And when you talk shit on that live love love sign, you're talking shit on my two
very hardworking sweet parents. I'm not chuggy. You're being a fucking asshole. Wow. Oh,
that was Jeffrey still here. All right, Jeffrey, you can come back now. I do feel bad tonight.
Financial planning. Personal finance. Let's get into it. How do you guys manage your cash?
One way or the other. Are you good with money or you not? Let's start with Jonah.
Uh, actually, I, I do want to interject a little bit. Um, we, in our friend group chat from
back home, we recently did a poll across just, we asked everybody a few questions about
everybody else in the group chat. One of the questions was, who is the worst with money? And it was
Gianna unequivocally. She is the worst with money. Jonah, what's the biggest purchase you've made
in the last month and what was it? Um, in the last month. That was the same question back to back.
I meant not much was it. I just spent like $300 on close. Yeah. That's like usually what it is.
It's, it's all closed. Um, I bought my car not too long ago. So that was like a big purchase.
I don't have a license. So I bought a car. Yeah, exactly. So I don't have it. It's cute though.
It's a cute little bloomyata. It was sexy. I was going to make a joke about it being a meata.
That's very funny. Yeah. So yeah. And it was also, when did you buy this car?
Uh, I want to go maybe October September. Okay. Yeah. So it's like already getting, okay. It was already
getting cold. Correct. And it's, you don't know if it was correct. She said it was, it's her life.
So she's right. Fine. All I wanted to say was that the meata is a drop top and she bought it at the
start of the colder months, which makes it even worse that it was just an ill-timed purchase.
You can't drive. Listen, everybody keeps talking shit on the fucking meata. But when you want to
roll down to the beach in the Barbie dream car, don't hit my line. That's fair. Because I do want to hit my
line. I do want to hit the beach in the Barbie dream car pretty bad. You got to join me. What you have to
do is you have to have to wear a cropped top with a jock sock in the drop top. And then you have to
make a stop at a mom and shop. Mom and pop shop, we should say. You don't have to rhyme everything.
It doesn't make you cool, right? I haven't yet. Until just then. And then we're going to move on.
Okay. So yeah, why don't we just move on from that horrible rhyme that you just
assaulted us with, really? Damn, Daniel. Craig is out as James Bond.
Oh, okay. Bonds of the week. We're doing this new segment. Bond of the week. Daniel Craig is out.
We don't know who's in. Every week until the next James is cast, we're going to
lob up our casting options as the new James. The new double seven. So who do you want to see as Bond
in the next couple movies? You know, I've never seen a James Bond movie. But I've heard people say
Idriselba a lot. Yeah. It's been like a conversation, right? Yeah, not goals. I feel like that could be
good. I don't know. I don't really know what James Bond's whole deal is. Who is a cool celebrity to you?
You just cool. He's a cool dude. I don't know. You're going to have to get back to me.
Yeah, because I was thinking, Tyboro. Tyboro, filled down from me has modern family. Yeah.
He's sort of funny. Yeah, but like James Bond is not really supposed to be,
like I guess he's like witty and charming, but that's exactly like so as Phil.
Don't think. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Exactly. Are you know who could be good? You know, could be good.
What? Who? Stewie Griffin. Charles Stewie Griffin. That'd be hilarious.
fictional fictional by the way. That's not a real person. Okay. I don't even watch James Bond.
But yeah. I know you watched television and assume everything is real in front of you. But
Stewie Griffin is not. Yeah. I succession is based off the Murdox. So it is real.
A lot of stitches are based off of real experience that happen to the writers actually. Yeah,
but family guy. Family guy. Remember we talked about Stewie Griffin. Yes.
It's like some things are real and some things are not. Yeah. I think you know. You're having trouble
making that distinction. No. I get it. Okay. Whatever. Whatever. Okay.
Johnny, who's your bond of a week? Bond of the week? Any science majors out here?
Ionic bond. No. Okay. And I guess I would go for someone who's like really cool.
Yeah. Yeah. It would probably be like, I think it would kind of be me. I think I could be
a way. No way. No way. Yeah. I think I would be a pretty good bond. I just watched the last bond.
Yeah. And that was the only one I watched. And I think I kind of got what was going on. Sure.
Yeah. Like, so you understood no time to die. And that's why you think you'd be a good James Bond.
Yeah. I mean, like, I saw M as this kind of maternal figure. So I think my mom could be castes M.
I do have a whole casting list. Like, okay. You could be like my dad or some shit like that.
So you're just casting your family. I mean, like, it's just, I guess it's kind of a coincidence
that they fit those kinds of roles and those kinds of descriptions and breakdowns.
But I wouldn't say the breakdown for M is a maternal figure. You're talking about the head of
M. I. Six, the best intelligence agency. And when did you say your mom is kind of the head of the
household sometimes? Sure. But that's not that's such a loose connection between us too.
Like, M has to be like in control. Yeah. My mom. So my mom come. Yes. A lot of that's like every
mom. I'm just saying that it's like you can be a great mom. Okay, fine. I had an intelligence.
Okay, fine. I guess your mom could also be M if she wanted to. That's not what you want.
Two M's and it's you're in my mom's. Yes. Is that fine? No. That's a horrible casting
decision. Okay. This is let's move on. Yeah. This three person episodes are going great.
Get your head in the game. Yeah. Yeah. This podcast is sponsored by Better Help Online Therapy.
Go to betterhelp.com slash. What's that? Guys, life is full of stressors. You know, it doesn't
matter who you are or what you have. Your life is probably stressful. I know that for me, sleep issues,
cash, family, friends, work can get me down and out. And you may not be feeling totally down
and out or totally depressed or like you're at a loss. But if your stress is high, your temper
is shorter than usual or even if you're starting to feel straining in any of your relationships,
you could probably use the chance to unload. So unload the stress and get it out by talking to
somebody who's completely unbiased about your life. Somebody who's not going to take sides on
anything or judge you. You know, when there's things that you feel like you can't tell anyone or that
you feel like you can't unload to family and friends, you need to unload it. That's what therapy
can be. Better help specifically is customized online therapy that offers phone, video, and even
live chat sessions with your therapist. So you don't have to see anyone on camera if you don't
want to. It's also much more affordable than traditional offline counseling and you can start
communicating with your therapist in under 48 hours. So if you've been wanting counseling or
therapy in some way, but you weren't sure if you could afford it, go to betterhelp.com slash
what's that. Check it out. You might be able to afford it. You might find the right fit.
And the head gun podcast is sponsored by BetterHelp. And you guys get 10% off your first month
at betterhelp.com slash what's that? That's BETTER HALP dot com slash what's that? Thanks,
BetterHelp. Hey, fellas, this episode of the head gun podcast is brought to you by our favorite
producers of ball trimmer's ManScape. The global leaders in below the waste grooming are
leaving 2021 met with a new product. Clean yourself into the new year with their ultra premium
body wash. Also, b-b-b-b-b-bash off for a lot of use code. What's that? To afford 20% off
plus free shipping at manScape.com. 4 million men already trust manScape. Time to join them.
2022 is on its way. And the last thing you want is to be the guy with cubes getting in the way
of making this year your best year ever. 2021 sucked. That's why manScape is making a splash
and up in your grooming game. Their signature lawnmower 4.0 is here to take down every cube
in its path. ManScape engineered the ultimate groin and body trimmer by focusing on intelligent
functionality and an incredibly comfortable grooming experience. Their fourth generation
trimmer features a cutting edge ceramic blade to reduce grooming accidents thanks to their
van skin safe technology and it's even waterproof. This tool is amazing and I'm confident
using the 4.0 to leave 2021 in my gross cubes with it. You know an else I'm confident about
smelling like a million bucks. You may be asking out and I'm happy you did. I use the manScape
refined column with the same signature scent that it's in all manScape formulas. A great
compliment to your collection. Use the code what's that for 20% off plus free shipping at manScape.com.
I'm all in on confidence and smelling good this new year. So join me with manScape. Get 20% off
in free shipping with the code what's that at manScape.com that's 20% off with free shipping
at manScape.com coupon code what's that? Happy new year to your balls.
We can move on to our first segment. Let's just do that. This is the first segment now. That was
not the time to play this. Are you guys familiar with the supply chain issue? What supply chain
I'm sure. So the Sue has canal being backed up as all sorts of results. It has pushed back
a lot of timelines for manufacturing and business because we live in a global economy. Yeah. And
was that? Yeah, I said, but I do want to say that it's oddly serious for a comedy podcast.
I've been telling you guys I'm trying to get more wise. So I've been reading a ton about this
stuff, man. I mean, everything has to get places just so. I don't know if you saw a documentary
that came out a couple years ago about people who work on these cargo ships. It's incredibly
stressful because there's so much money involved. There's so much power involved. And it's like
at the hands of capitalism, like the individual doesn't matter, right? Like you just become a cog.
And so the supply chain issue in my view is an argument for localization, right? Local
produce local products. But that's not the world we live in. We live in a world with the supply chain
that is fucked up right now. So I thought we could kind of fix it. Okay, so all right. So
so this is this is the supply chain as we know it. No way, maybe this can start. Let's start with
the consumer, right? Gianna, what's something you want or need right now? Product wise. And you can
be honest. And you can be honest. New clothes. What kind of clothes? One item, one item. Let's just
for arguments. Okay, leather pants. Okay, leather pants. As the supply chain currently stands,
you are the consumer. You demand pants. If you want to start from the bottom and then end up where
we're here being you buying the getting the pants. It's raw materials, right? leather hides.
That comes from cows. Suddenly logistics lead to the supplier, right? And it's all logistics.
So that's communication back and forth. That's, you know, the supplier of high. Did you study this?
Like, did you like do a lot of research on this just for this segment? Because it feels like a lot of
research for a segment that undeniably is going to be boring to some of the world. Yeah, I'm kind of
wondering where the joke is going to be. Yeah, you know what I'm fucking sick of doing this show every
week. Everybody demanding jokes. Why can't we talk about something real? That's interesting to me.
That's wise. We are, we did talk about something real. We talked about our personal lives. We
talked about stuff like that. We did. We talked about the wrong way. We don't have any same casting.
How's that real? This is every day. Every day. This is happening. Whether we know it or not.
We don't have any say in this either. Yeah, we don't have any say. What can we just do it? Come on.
It's Friday. I don't want to have to do come up with something on the fly. Okay, fine. Why don't you
continue the segment and then see try to get some more of our participation? Because it seems like you're
just lecturing right now. You chime in. I want your thoughts. Romaterials. Highs. Tant leather goods.
Okay. It starts with the skin of cows and there's no way around that. Unless you're talking vegan
leather, which is a different conversation. But let's talk about it. There are ways around it.
You said there's no way around it. In this instance, if she wants genuine leather,
that's the raw material is cows being slaughtered for me and the skin being used for leather.
Suddenly, the leather is brought from the farm to a supplier who specializes in hides.
Okay. Are you with me? That's all I just with you. I'm with you. It's all fine.
From the supplier goes the manufacturer, right? Where is the supplier? Uh-huh.
The supplier again through logistics sends the hides to a manufacturer
who turns the hides into pants. Man, that's logistics. There's no way around that.
It's logistics. It has its stands, which is part of the problem. From the manufacturer,
our borne, the trousers, and we're awful able to, such a weird way to put it.
What you're looking at when you're in this space, where the pants are in a warehouse of the manufacturer,
who knows where the leather belt is in this country. That's where the buck stops for me.
But at this point, in this supply chain, there's just boxes and boxes of leather pants,
which Gianna wants as the consumer. How is it going to get from the manufacturer to Gianna?
That's where logistics comes in. So the distributor enters the frame just a little bit,
and then it fully, the frame, after a while. Unnecessary. So you don't have to say that,
just say the distributor enters the frame. And also speed up because obviously, this is dragging along.
Let's say Gianna wants to get him from Madewell. Sorry, that's offensive, Gianna, but
it's not just going to be stocked on shelves, just because it's in the manufacturer's warehouse.
It has to get there. So through logistics, it's shipped via a distributor, right? So whether that's
a DHL, whether that's a FedEx, it has to get there some way, or the company, if it's big enough,
or smart enough, might have their own trucks and use shipping companies, right? So suddenly,
through logistics, and there's no way around that, these trucks are trucking them to the retailer,
right? That's all, that's all communication. That's all emails. This phone calls that logistics.
Suddenly, now the shelves are stocked with leather pants. Now Madewell has the opportunity to
connect with the consumer, the consumer being Gianna, and that is also, that doesn't just stick.
I don't, I really wish I had stuff to contribute to this segment, but man, you're just, um,
I don't know. You're so, yeah, you're so knowledgeable about something that we really can't
wax about, like, not even have any funny sides or anything like that. So, you're, I mean,
this is just an ad for Madewell. I keep seeing these billboards in Brooklyn that say that you're
seven minutes from jeans, and it's just a Madewell billboard that's like, you're here,
our store is here, and they make it look like a threat. Yeah. Anyway, at this point in the conversation,
Gianna walks into a Madewell leather pants are there because of this chain, and mostly logistics.
There's no way around that. Okay. Okay. So, that's sort of the world that we're living in. You're
not just, you're not living in a world where you walk to Main Street anymore. You go to the
Tanner, and he has pants that he got from his farm made into leather pants himself, and as
it's going to sell to you to the consumer. That, that would be localization, which I'm for, but doesn't
exist. Um, doesn't exist anywhere. I don't care what anybody says. It's all supply chain. It's all
logistics, and there's no way around it. Here, and do you guys see what's fucked up about this?
No, but we don't really care, right? Like, we've been, I think, I've been expressing my
distaste for the segment and also the anger that just laden within me about this show and about
being around you all the time. And I genuinely hope that what you have to say next is going to be
somewhat insightful or moderately funny to kind of save the segment as it stands.
This is how you have another slide that supply chain being fixed. All right. The fuck
up part about how it stands right now is that it is too global. A ship getting stuck in a
canal shouldn't be the reason why Gianna can't get for lack of better term bridges leather or
otherwise, she should be able to walk to a local Tanner in my opinion, uh, so that you can shop local.
You can shop small American Express style. Here's how we might get there. Maybe steps. Keep in
mind, this is all baby steps because you're not going to go from a global economy to the local
economy like that. You know, you're not going to go from a gas powered vehicles to EVs like that.
It's going to make you wise, by the way. I just want you to know that let's let's go through
the leather pants through my version. Okay. Gianna still the consumer wants leather pants. She's
craving them. That's the difference. Instead of demanding, she's craving. Demand and Craver, very,
very, very close, very, very. And also. Yeah. What's the difference? What are you getting at?
As it stands, the consumer demands. Don't go back. Don't go back. Push for my
drivers. The consumer would crave because it's going to take a certain hunger to have any sort of
structural change in our economy, in the way that products are delivered to people like Gianna. Is that
fair to say? Yes. Gianna will leave you go. Promise materials. Still necessary. Yeah. Because
you're not going to just, you're not just going to have pants. You have to have the material that
creates the pants. So that's the leather. That's from a farm or whatever. Okay. From there, it takes tons of
planning, which by the way is part of logistics. Planning is part of logistics. Yeah. And I'm actually
just, I'm just going to steam roll through this. Yes. The circuit communication also just a huge
part of logistics in general. Skill drivers, I guess, is logistics. It's a real simpler. It's really just
can you drive a truck? Do you have a license? Yes. I would say you didn't. But continue. I see what you're saying.
I can. Okay. Well, the way that, okay. So if anything, the way you put it makes it even more of a
logistical issue. And also necessary arrangements and then vend whatever the hell that means.
Well, yes. So. Yes. So. Yes. So. So. Not funny. Okay. You can stop now. And then yeah, it's pretty much all logistics, right?
I'll give you tons of planning. I'll give you an necessary communication. I'll give you skill drivers.
Necessary arrangements to me. It feels a little more playful than logistics. It's more like,
well, I'll make the necessary arrangements. And it's like you're finding someone across
Ms. President. So that's or you're setting a reservation for bay. You know, John. Let's say you're talking,
you're comparing driving a UPS truck or DHL truck driving to a retailer to picking out a Christmas
present for bay. That is not, that is they're incomparable. And necessary arrangements from a DHL
truck to a retailer. That is logistics. Yeah. This is not how I thought this was going to go.
I thought you guys, I did think you guys would be a little bit more knowledgeable in this. And you've
admitted to not knowing Jack shit about it. So I have to take everything you're saying with a grain of salt.
But also you're making some good points. But it is lucky. They are lucky guesses. And do you recognize that?
I recognize that. Why would we know about this? Yeah. We work at a podcast network. So to
all. You know is a major. I was a film major. Why should I know about supply chain? But here we are
talking about it. Why should you? Why should you know that? I guarantee if somebody went to
if anybody listening as an MBA they know that I'm speaking wise. I guarantee. Are you qualified to
speak about this? Are you qualified to speak with us? Yeah. You don't have any kind of credentials.
If anything, you went on Reddit explained like I'm five. And then you can go and through the motions
of reading through the supply chain thread. Business admin degree. What is that? That's that
qualifies somebody to talk about any of this? Yeah, but you don't have that. Yes. I'm not. I'm saying
oh, because I disagree. I think that it's all bullshit. All of this is nonsense. You want to talk about
this not being a right fit for this podcast. It's the perfect fit for this podcast. Because people
over complicate nonsense. And this show I'm trying to get it down to a base level. This is too much.
This isn't good to hear or see or to be. Exactly. Yes. I agree with you. You want to fill a
Southical level, but on a literal level. It's just, it's like not funny. This is not the reaction.
Then when you're not. No fun. It's not fun. You go. Yeah. Keep going. No. We'll defend yourself. Please.
Fine. Let's just move on then. Okay. We have more to get to anyways. Thank God. And I'm sure
you guys just don't feel proud of what you just did. I'm not proud of what we just did because of
anything. We just, we're just terrorizing our listeners with terrible segments. Don't sit like that.
Don't sit all relaxed like you're. You should be on edge right now.
I hope you're having a decent time on the podcast. I know that it's a little hard to kind of
be around Jeff all the time. I mean, I know it more than anybody else, but I hope you're
not much so fucking wrong. Yeah. I'm having a great time though. Yeah. You don't have to lie. It's okay.
All right. Jeff, what do you got next? I'm getting comfortable. You should have gotten
comfortable before we started recording. Yeah. I was. And then it changed.
All right. That changed. Why is that relatable? Janna, do you like reality TV?
I fucking love reality TV. Perfect. Johnny, do you watch reality TV? Yes. I love HG TV, which is
somewhat a step removed from reality, but yeah. The furniture is real.
I love HG TV, which is a step beyond reality, but the furniture is real.
A little horrible sentence. Well, listen, I, you know, in a very vague way, I work in content here.
Used to more than I do now, but, you know, we're talking about what we can do on the video
of the side of things, and also on the TV side of things. You know, whether we're going to turn
or have you got my originals into TV shows? We haven't yet, but maybe we will in the future.
I'm saying skip that step, because some of these podcasts work better as podcasts,
then they want us TV shows. I'm wondering if we get into the easiest TV game, which is reality,
and if we kind of come up with a couple reality show pitches that the three of us,
that we can bring to the content team and say, let's take this out.
I'll start with, I'll start, and then guys come have an ear. Yeah, I have a few, you, I just
prepare a few, yeah, and can't wait for you to hear them. So go on, Jeff,
hoarding with the herwises. Okay. So it's a reality show that follows the new haven, herwises,
as they collect and stockpile brick a bracket, and that would be kind of a keeping up with the
Kardashians meets hoarders. And it would be a little bit of a twist, though, because hoarders
is kind of about people who have certain, I think mental illnesses, honestly, but with this,
it's then, who are, they're not prone to hoarding, and the show is making them hoard.
What are they hoarding specifically? You said brick a bracket, Nick, Nick, Nick, Nick,
yeah, stuff like that. Boxes of trinkets, you know, okay. So, said it's keeping up with the
with the Kardashians, mixed with hoarders. It's just following their lives as people who hoard
things. I don't think that's really interesting. It's maybe just following them, and then there's
this like weird tertiary thing where every episode, it's them like getting another box of shit.
They just, oh, it's an unboxing. That could be a YouTube series. It's a reverse unboxing.
Yeah, they're just putting something like the emotional journey. Like when you watch hoarders,
it's like so that you can get that catharsis at the end when they're like, are no longer a hoarder.
Where's the journey here? Yeah. It's a good point, Gianna. There might not, yeah,
there might not be a journey in this one. But if you're looking for a journey, I do have an idea
for that. That's very journey focused. Okay. Why don't you say that then? Epic's villa.
Okay. Have you guys seen Epic villas? Yes. So this would be Epic's villa. So it's a show that
follows Gianni on an Odyssey on Epic's. It's the show is hopefully we want to land it at
Epic's, but it's also you going on an Epic. So it's Epic villa meets you, Lissies. Oh, okay.
Like you as Odysseus. No, it'd be Gianni as Gianni, but like he maybe gets distracted by
sirens at some point. Okay. Okay. I will watch the fuck out of that. This feels more like a fictional
series. Like no. Yeah. So it would basically be like you show up on day one. And there's this whole
Odyssey set up for you to kind of go through. And like we all know the heroes journey structure,
but it would like so you have a loose idea of what's going to happen. Like you will make it home
eventually. But it's like survivor. Yeah. Honestly, it's Epic villas meets Lissies meets survivor.
All right. I am actually completely on board with this idea. Yeah. I kind of think I do not want
is to be with Epic. I think that's the one. Yeah. That's well, that's I'm walking if we don't
land with Epic's. And because the whole point is that it's Epic's villa instead of Epic villas.
Yeah. But actually a quick note on the title. You can't put a trademark name.
In the title. I understand. Yeah. What about MSNBC? MSNBC villa? No, I'm saying like what about NBC news.
NBC news is on NBC. Yeah. Because they're part of the same company. The same current company.
Yeah. I'm saying Epic's villa on Epic. So it would be the parent company or whatever.
Yeah. But like I thought this was like a head gun show. Well, it would be not the whole
price. This would be like hitch to reality or just to television. It's still be on TV.
Yeah. There's such a slim chance that we'd get this picked up one. And also an even
slimmer chance that we would land with Epic's. All right. Then forget that one. Okay.
Fine. Let's hear one of yours, Johnny. Okay. This one was the best idea I had. How old are
you Jeffrey? I'm 24. Okay. 24. What is your natural citizenship? America? Okay.
Yeah. Have you lived in the United States for over 14 years? Yeah. Okay. So this show is called
Jeffrey 2032. This is the first year of Jeffrey that you're able to actually run for
president of the United States. We can finally start putting some of those Patriot on Dollars to use
fund some very, very small stage campaign and some random town. That's already a campaign.
But finance violation. But yeah. Did you know that a dog recently became elected mayor?
There's like two years ago, I think. Do you know about that? In Idaho? I don't remember the
place, but it seems like you do. Is Idaho out as had a dog mayor for like 20 years? Yeah. Yeah.
And you know how politicians are just glorified dogs, right? Yeah. Sure. Imagine if we can just
run the gambit. Yeah. Hop. Sorry. It's run the gamut. Not gambit. Gambit. It's gamut.
Run the gamut. It is gamut. It is gamut. G-A-M-U-T. I'm going to have to go with Jeff on this one.
Okay. Well, that was when we drove the pitch in time. Right. But like this kind of was like,
uh, uh, my world is crumbling before my very eyes because Grammarly didn't even say shit about this.
Okay. That was, it makes me feel like it is a horror. Yeah, but now we're not like,
you're looking for the gamut. That's the idea because we haven't even gotten to it.
No, it's like gambit. Gamut? I don't know. I'm just looking at Queen's Gambit on Netflix.
The Queen's Gambit? Yeah. Nope. Yeah. So it's a one-to-one confusion for you.
Well, eventually, we'll run the gamut and eventually work our way up to a seat in the white house.
Why did you say it like that? So it's a campaign trail docky series. Yeah. A not reality
TV and B not going to happen. It is kind of reality television. You know, you know, how there's a
sliver of fiction in every, uh, every reality television series. Yeah. Yeah. So we have a fiction here
be that I didn't get a White House seat, but we're saying in the show that we did, I did. No, no, no,
you will get the White House seat. And I'm just saying that we're just going to come in. Also,
White House seat doesn't exist. I think I just said that. That would just be the presidency.
Yeah, it's the presidency in the oval office. Okay. Yeah. So that's my idea. Your ideas
follow me as I get elected president. Correct. Yeah. It's not going to happen. I think it could
happen genuinely. You have to at least pitch it in a way where it's like whether he gets the presidency
or not, it'll still be interesting. Yeah. I mean, like we'll follow your campaign trail and
God forbid you lose, which you probably won't. If you do happen to lose, then we can just
next few seasons will just be you starting from scratch again for the next four years. I think this
is a very sustainable series because they're very young, you're very spy. And you know how these
old folks are getting into the presidency game. Joe Biden, 107 years old or 70 years. I don't have
any experience. I don't have any interest in this. So, you know, there's so many arguments to be made
against me as a candidate that I would also agree with. Well, I mean, would you argue that
and I don't mean to bring him up, open up that old wound, but would you argue that the dog
mayor had the any interest or anything like that? That's that I if this show would already have
more legs if you were saying that I was running for mayor because maybe I would have interest in
that and could actually do it of a spy town. Fine, Jeffrey, for mayor, we could do and then we just
ramp it up and spin off serious Jeffrey. No, I can't solve it. Jeffrey is more than the mayor, but yeah.
All right, not a bad idea. We got to a good place with it. Okay. What about glove island?
Half hoties, half full bodies. Everyone in chunky sweater and sweaters and winter clothes,
who is hot? Who is not? Find out on glove island. Love island meets 90 day fiance.
How does it meet 90 day fiance? Because wasn't there that like really ugly looking dude?
There was. Yeah. So it's half hoties. This is not a body positive show. We should say.
Yeah, that sounded fucked up to me. Yeah, so this is definitely not going to sell
on television and call. I mean, they do say, oh, what have we got Amy Sherman Paladino attached to
ZEP? Because she loves making fun of who's Amy Sherman Paladino? Really? Who the fuck is that?
She created Gilmore girls. She created Gilmore girls and marvelous, marvelous, amazing.
So many fat phobic jokes in her shows. It's interesting. So maybe yeah, I think if we can get her
her backing behind it, she could probably because she hasn't been in the reality space yet. Yeah.
So I think it's interesting. I also think that there's a logistical issue because I think
you can still tell what someone's body type is, even if they're wearing a sweater.
Yeah, I think gee, I'm just pretty right about that. Wow. So yeah, you should probably be more
body positive and the fact that you came up with that idea. Yeah, it's just a show.
Yeah, but like the fact that the inkling was in your head and passed through like several layers
of consciousness before you put it down on paper or wrote it down somewhere. Just kind of
just paints a picture about you. Yeah, your values. But I think like you have a solid pitch.
I think you just need to scrap it entirely. Yeah. Yeah. Um, sorry about that. Yeah, that's fine.
Do you want to hear my pitch? Yeah. Yeah, okay. Let's just move on. Hexkyum. What? Hexkyum.
Ha ha ha ha. That's a poem. Me man. You know, do you guys remember nexkyum? Yeah, nexkyum. The
cult that was just recently busted for a lot of charges, money laundering, racketeering and
fraud to name the lowest, lowest charges. Overall, very bad group of guys. It was like self-help
thing, right? Yeah, like self-help. All right, but it was a cult. Yeah. But that said,
now that they're busted, there is a huge gap in the market for a cult to take their place.
Their practices are actually available through, uh, for public consumption through their
court documents. So we can see exactly how they coerce people into joining something, you know,
bigger than they think. Um, bigger than they are, bigger than they think. Yeah, that is what they think.
It's kind of both. Yeah. You would never be able to be a cult leader because you're selling it.
Do you want to be part of something bigger than you think? Uh, no. Oh, okay. Sorry.
I'm thinking that, uh, we have a pretty huge talent roster ahead gum that could host this.
I think we could have Finn Wolfhard be the figureheads and she already has such a big following.
We can start looking in places where people feel like they don't belong like, uh, uh,
ahead gum live or gaming conventions or Comic Con or some shit like that. What was that first one?
Sorry. I said, what was that a game of conventions? No, you said,
ahead gum live. The live shows. Oh, did I? Did I say that? Which, you're actually factually
incorrect because those are probably filled with people who, it is filled with people who connect
on the same thing because they all came for that thing. Oh, so they all went there there. They
feel like they do belong. Hmm. Yeah. Oh, okay. So like gaming conventions, though, Comic Con,
yeah, again, they're all connected. Yeah. You think that's a good idea or
no, I'm just kind of like, I'm not going to get out of ways. Yeah. Let's move on. Is that the entire idea?
Yeah, that's the entire idea. Is it a show where you just want to start a cult? This is a show.
We'll follow, follow the rise of headgeum. It could also be called anything. It could just be
called head gum. It doesn't have to rhyme with nixium. Yeah. But I like, I like the name nexium a lot.
I think that was pretty, pretty catchy. And, and, and hexium. Hexium. Hexium. Yeah. Yeah. It's kind of like so like
a harsh sounding to a point where you have to remember it. Yeah. Yeah. No one knows how to spell it.
So they can't Google it. Okay. Yeah. Well. Yeah. Well. Yeah. There's a bunch of freaks try to make
things work. Get them to the Greek meets beauty in the geek hosted by Russell brand.
Hoseby Russell brand. He doesly. There's no way we don't have, we don't have access to Russell brand.
Russell brand at all. He's free. He's a veil. He's definitely a veil. Yeah. It doesn't matter.
He's, we still have to go through his agent. And we don't even know if he's going to want to talk
to us and all that. It's, how hard could it get me to get a meeting with brand to say,
hey, I'll offer, by the way. We are offering you the role of host of oddballs and vaginal walls.
First of kind of fucked up or like washed up. Like what does he do now? He does inspirational
talks. Is that what he does? See, you can get Russell. Actually, I would love to get brand on this show.
Maybe my goal for this show of next year is to get like really big guests. That would be insane.
I'd love that. That would be insane. It's hard. Every time you have a big guest on a podcast,
though, it's like nerve wracking and not fun. Yeah, especially this podcast, which
for lack of a better term, assaults every guest. Johnny, do you have any more ideas or
do you have any ideas? I don't know. You go. I just want to say I would watch the
fuck out of whatever that show that you just said was. One of the great joys in life, and I think
is watching like hot girls and they're ugly little boyfriends exist. That's a good reality,
I think it's a good idea. It is. My next idea is called gum shoes.
So Jeffrey, you and I are going to solve crimes. Okay. I don't think it gets, it doesn't get any
simpler than that. Well, there are a lot of cold case files that are available in public domain.
So we just find that and we're kind of on our way. And the whole season can revolve around
a specific case, just like overarching plot. Yeah. A missing dog or a stolen wallet with a
bunch of mini cases along the way. Like we're stopping J walkers or people are skating. Yeah,
people who are I mean skating. I mean, don't go up to skateboarders and say stop.
I mean, sometimes I have you seen the signs, no skating in a skate, in a skate zone?
Yeah. I mean, it's, that's like building members being cops. Yeah. But I think we, we don't,
I also don't like the word cops. I think cops are just like, there's such a bad connotation.
What you and I are crime fighters, really, or detectives, gum shoes, really.
And you don't want to write this as like a sitcom, like there's so, there's so much room there
if you and I are like detectives, freelance, that could be really funny. It was scripted and absurd.
Instead, you want to actually try and solve cold case files, which we don't have any detective
backgrounds. It's also so disrespectful. Disrespectful to who?
Like, these are real people. Yeah, their family's so
spicy. I think we can do right by them. You think, like, no, on paper, it's kind of disrespectful.
I think I understand where you're coming from. Slightly, I understand. But if we can solve these,
what kind of people, we can't. That's why it's disrespectful, because we think we can figure it out.
You do, and we can't. You have such little faith in the speech. How am I going to have
you as my partner in crime? Don't tell people in the room, even if we did take this out,
don't tell people in the room, you have such little faith in this speech. What bad etiquette.
You think this sucks, don't you?
Yeah. Actually, we kind of liked it, but that was really aggressive. So now we're not sure
about working with you. Really, really. Yeah. Those are those are my big pitches. All right.
This isn't reality television, but I've been waiting for an opportunity to pitch my version of
the notebook without the old people, because I think that the old people fucking ruin the notebook.
How? I think it is. I haven't seen the notebook, but don't they provide some sort of conflict
between the two lovers in the notebook? Well, the plot is like, you see these old people at the
beginning and they're old and the lady has dementia and there's like this old man who's reading
her story. Jeffrey, don't look your phone. He's just thinking. He's thinking hard about the old people.
And he reads her the story and then you get like flashbacks to the forties and it's like, you know,
this beautiful love story. At the end, you find out that the whole love story that you've been
watching is the old people's love story and it's been raining it to her so that she can remember
and then at the end, they die together and you know, whatever. Isn't that still cute? Like,
it's a romance movie, right? But old people are off putting in not sexy. So, okay. So that's where
your standpoint is. That's old, no clapping. No need to clap people suck. Old people do suck. It's a
beautiful love story in and of itself. If you watched the movie, you would understand this. You
don't need the old people to sell the love story. There's no way that I stand alone on this.
Like, this is such a weird stance that you guys are taking. They also age doesn't look like,
they look like, you got to have some actors. Yeah, you do. Everybody needs a one bias and for me,
it's old people. That's a good phobia. I hate kids. Oh, my God. That's a hot sentence. That's
okay. They hate old people like it. They're like, our future is like me. You,
so narcissistic. You have a god complex. You got to be James Bond. You also said you solved
cold case files. We're all narcissists. Gianna spent $300 on a coat or something.
Or something. Yeah, she spent $300 on clothes. That doesn't make her a narcissist. I don't.
Yeah, there's $1,000 shoes. Okay, that makes you a narcissist. My boyfriend got this.
So John's rich. You got to stem me. Yeah. What about this dancing with the cars?
Professional dancers pair up with various Mazda's in this ballroom dancing competition
featuring horseless carriages starring Gianna Kenshin. Don't show her ego. She likes the fact that she's
going to dance with a Mazda. No, she's not going to dance. She's going to hoax. She's the
tire base. Oh, dancing with the cars. I am tire banks. Well, that incident was a new film. That
tire is a role. Yeah, we're all narcissists. She's just as host. Yeah. Yeah, I fuck with that. All right.
And then my last one is Amir's fears. Louise, I'm your blue and fell faces a new fear every episode.
Fear factor meets biggest loser. I don't know. It's the biggest loser in all the show.
Just he is. He's the biggest. That's just a title for him. Yeah. Oh my gosh. Well, that one is just
a mean, mean pitch. Even if the people in the pitching room, whatever the hell is called,
even if they didn't know whom your blue and felled was, they'd realize that it's just a mean
spirited pitch towards somebody else. You're like antagonizing somebody else. All right. All right.
Like, you, you hear what I'm saying and you don't want to do the pitch anymore or,
like, you shot it down. It's over. Yeah. It's okay. Good.
I hope this, I hope this taught us all very good lesson about ourselves.
Then we're all very narcissistic, I think. We should probably go to therapy or something. I don't know.
Bloods. John, what do you have? Go on. What do you want to point people to?
So this is how you want to end the show with such
sour energy. Such, this is just bad energy. All right.
Don't be so, now you're like, you're carrying it over to us and it's kind of, it's actually ruining the mood a lot.
What do you want for me, man? You want me to be smiling while I'm feeling absolute poison on the inside
from you. Yeah. When, like, a professional performer will turn that off. That kind of separate
whatever is, whatever negative energy they have and just try to turn it into something positive.
Okay. Like who?
Like who?
Digmiley Cyrus does that. Absolutely. She does. Yes.
Because she's a professional. All right. Are you a professional?
I am. Okay. So bring up the energy. All right. There we go. See, John. What do you want to point the people to?
Okay. Your eyes are watering, but that's okay. You can just push through it.
It's, it's, I'm having, I'm, I'm happy. Okay.
Can I do my fucking plug? Yeah. Thanks. Follow me on Instagram at Gianna.
G-I-O-N-N-A. Tell me that I am a delicate flower. Tell me. No. No way.
We've got to cut the choice. We've got to cut my face.
Bring's meaning to your otherwise meaningless life. Wow. You, you're on the wrong spot for your.
Tell me that in the comments. Yeah. Tell me that in the comments. We'll see. I mean, last time.
Say that to them. I'm just seeing how far I could take it. Listen, last time. We'll did it.
Nice. You guys better fucking do it. Or else I'm going to look stupid.
You're just like, make sure you're right. Yeah. Make it look stupid, please.
Johnny. Follow me on Instagram at JohnnyVJLH and N-Y-V-I-I.
And that's it. At Jeffrey James on Instagram at Jeff by already on Twitter.
And we have some special, have gone podcast episodes coming in the next three weeks. So,
look out for those. We have a two-part, or I believe, for the holidays. A holiday special.
Extravagants are. And it'll be good. Until then, have a great weekend. But not too great.
Terrible way to end it. No, because you want it to be, you want to have stuff to look forward to.
And if you went, like, when we did the live show in New York, I was like depressed for two
weeks after that. No, no, no, no. Because it was such a high. And then I went from there to a
physical low, being in my basement apartment. And I was like sad.
That was a hit dumb original.